many of you probably already heard of
this add-on and you may even have it for
those of you who are just coming back to
the game or have been living under a
rock since transmog became available
this is a really helpful add-on to have
for your characters for people who don't
know transmog allows you to change the
appearance of your character's armor
so essentially unless all you dudes live
out your fantasy of being a sexy athlete
no I could buy hurry up so when you open
up the add-on in game this is what its
gonna look like it's big chunky window
and here at the top will be a drop-down
menu and you can choose which type of
armor you're looking for and my main is
a claw theist so I'm just gonna pick
that to demonstrate you'll then get a
second drop-down menu and you'll choose
your armor slide we're gonna do chest I
will load up all these items that you
can get to change the chest slot
appearance and you can zoom in and out
of what its gonna look like on your
character by clicking and dragging back
and forth if you notice little check
marks here that means that your
character already owns that piece of
gear so it's either in a bag somewhere
in your inventory or in your bank and
again you can view a whole bunch of
items and you just scroll through the
list and each item will give you a
picture of what it will look like on the
current character that you're logged
into you can also hover over the items
over the pictures and it'll give you a
little box and it'll have the icon of
that item
the name soar so you're gonna get it
whether it be PvP whether it's crafted
drop from a boss a certain zone location
I will also give you the level of the
item the eye level and the ID number of
that item
and in the top right corner you'll have
another drop-down and this is where you
can sort all the items that are being
shown to you and you can sort by level
or color and let's say your pink lover
yay pink choose the approximate color by
clicking the little color square and
choose pink the add-on then sorts the
items by the pinkish gear first at the
top of the list and you can also filter
the items by selecting the filters
button over down in the bottom left and
you can filter by item name level range
item level and by faction class
also by source for example again a
certain job location or if it's acquired
from PvP a certain vendor or crafted
item and also again by quality by
selecting the preview button you can
also view any of the items on your
character and make a little set for
yourself
and you can save that for faster
reference in a future time to add an
item manually you can choose add item
and remember when we hovered over the
item and it gave you the ID number well
that's where you're going to type that
in or you can also put a link to an item
from another database and I already have
a couple outfits saved on my character
you just select load and you pick the
name and voila there is the outfit
you're hunting for again you can zoom in
and out to view on your character and
that is markets hopefully for the new
people out there you got a little
glimpse of a great add-on to use for
transmog and if you have any questions
comments ideas on a review you'd like to
see it's not really a review more like a
how-to here's this it's awesome type
thing but um feel free to leave a
comment and I will see you guys next
time
Thanks